https://codepen.io/Jennifer44/full/wvdGaPO


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic html is aa tag that clearly describes it's meaning to both the browser and developer.

2. What is HTML used for? 
    Html is used to display data. 

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is a modifier for tags, that gives additional information.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    A h1 tag is the biggest heading tag and should only be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    An anchor tag and an image tag.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head of the HTML document has metadata inside of it.

7. What is an id? 
    An id is an attribute that is used to assign a specific id to an element 

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any tag can have an id

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    An id can only be used once on a page.

10. What is a class?
    a class is an attribute used to style elements on a page

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element can have a class added to it.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    A class can be used multiple times on a page to group content.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    To open a link in a new page you use the target attribute with it set to _blank.

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute is used to describe an image if the picture can't be loaded.

15. How do I reference an id?
    you reference an id by using #

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a semantic tag. A div is not.

17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to add styles and design to a page

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select an element is CSS you type the tag name before the curly brackets

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used to group multiple elements together while an id can only be used for one element. A class would be used to select multiple images into a group for styling.
    An id would be used to link Javascript functions to the html.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class you use .'classname'.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    you would type .human p to select a p element with a class of human.

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        a parent child selector selects all child elements of a parent tag. 
        It would be useful when you need to select all the tags in a nested section

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div .sidebar a would select all the links

24. What is a pseudo selector?
        An addition to a selector that has specifies a special state to the element 

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        The property used for spacing between lines is line-height.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        the property of letter-spacing.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform is used to change letters Capitalization. 

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black; would add a border around the div.

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        using a universal selector like *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    you use /* comments here */ to write comments 

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd shows the current location. 

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    by using the ls command.

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you can us rm to remove files, You need to be careful because there is no confirmation prompt.

34. Why should I use version control? 
    You should use version control so you can keep track of changes made to code.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    you should commit often, about every 20 minutes is a good amount of time.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    you use git push u- origin branchname.

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        the first thing to do is to fork the repo. After that you clone the repo and use git clone 'link' in your command line
        to get a local copy where you want it. You then cd into the git file you cloned and create a branch to do you work on using 
        git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'. After you are done with the work you add and commit the changes made to the branch using 
        git add . and git commit -m "descriptive, helpful message here". After that you push your changes back to github using
        git push -u origin 'branchname'. The last step is to submit a pull request, then using that link to submit your assignment.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 